README.md, before:

Chicago Apprenticeships
----------------------------

See the site at http://chicagoapprenticeships.com.

For once, this app isn't OSS. The template / code isn't very valuable,
and the data isn't something that I'd generally share.

### Running the App

```bash
chruby 2.3.1
bundle install
ruby app.rb
```

### Adding Programs

All programs are added through `apprenticeships.json`. If the app ever gets
serious traffic, we'll need to change to memoizing the result, but it
hasn't been necessary.

There are buttons in the interface for relevant info (like product companies
versus consulting companies), which are driven out of tags.

### Outreach

-----------------------------------
| Company | Status | Notes |
|---------|--------|--------------|
| 20 Spokes | Cold | Missed some calls w/ Ryan Fischer |
| Backstop Solutions Group | Cold | Andy Santos @ Email |
| Braintree | Starting | Ask Lauren when she gets a program going |
| JellyVision | Cold | honestbleeps @ ChiTechSlack Dec 22. Still a program? |
| LeapFrog Online | It's a Mystery | No reference to a program online. Does it exist? |
| ReviewTrackers | Too New | Lucas @ LinkedIn |
| Raise | No Program | Chi-chi @ LinkedIn. Will Dave Hoover start one? |
| Newmark Grubb Knight Frank | Not sure yes | http://jobview.monster.com/Software-Engineer-Job-Chicago-IL-US-183798965.aspx?WT.mc_n=Indeed_US&jvs=uf,in1,gw&from=indeed |
| ShopRunner | Starting | Not sure who I know here |
|  |  |  |
| 8th Light | Done | n/a |
| Actualize / ACLTC | Skipped | Not really an apprenticeship. |
| Clique Sudios | Done | Brent @ ChiTechSlack |
| Conversant LLC | Skipped | Requires technical bachelors. Also includes Alliance Data |
| DNSimple | Discontinued | Mak @ Twitter |
| DevMynd | Done | n/a |
| DevVault | Done | n/a |
| Dough, Inc | Done | n/a |
| Eight-Bot | Done | Calvin @ CTDI & LevelOffice |
| Enova | Done | n/a |
| Groupon | Discontinued | n/a |
| HashRocket | Done | Matt P @ email |
| Launchpad Labs | Done | n/a |
| Narrative Science | Done | Marie @ email |
| Signal | Done | Cliff @ Email |
| SwayBrand | Done | n/a |
| TableXI | Done | Noel @ email |
| TrunkClub | Done | Mike @ LinkedIn |
| Vokal | Stopped? | Marty @ LinkedIn |
|  |  |  |
| OppLoans | TBD - 2021 | No Response - emailed Alex Riewer (Senior Technical Recruiter) https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexandrariewer/ |
| Gemini | TBD - 2021 | No Response - emailed Jonathan Tamblyn and Andrei Montchik (Director Talent Acquisition & Lead Software Engineer) https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonathan-tamblyn/ & https://www.linkedin.com/in/andreimontchik/ |
| Root Insurance | TBD - 2021 | No Response - emailed Chris Evans (Technical Recruiting Manager) https://www.linkedin.com/in/cjevans7/ |
| Reverb | TBD - 2021 | No Response - emailed Mark Yoon and Tiffany Martin (Engineering Manager and Senior Technical Manager) https://www.linkedin.com/in/swimmerslim/ & https://www.linkedin.com/in/tiffanymartininhudson/ |
| ActiveCampaign | Trying to start one - 2021 | Talked to Sean Wolters (Engineering Manager) https://www.linkedin.com/in/seanwolter/ |
-----------------------------------

Commit message:

updated outreach sheet with new responses from companies

README.md, after:

Chicago Apprenticeships
----------------------------

See the site at http://chicagoapprenticeships.com.

For once, this app isn't OSS. The template / code isn't very valuable,
and the data isn't something that I'd generally share.

### Running the App

```bash
chruby 2.3.1
bundle install
ruby app.rb
```

### Adding Programs

All programs are added through `apprenticeships.json`. If the app ever gets
serious traffic, we'll need to change to memoizing the result, but it
hasn't been necessary.

There are buttons in the interface for relevant info (like product companies
versus consulting companies), which are driven out of tags.

### Outreach

-----------------------------------
| Company | Status | Notes |
|---------|--------|--------------|
| 20 Spokes | Cold | Missed some calls w/ Ryan Fischer |
| Backstop Solutions Group | Cold | Andy Santos @ Email |
| Braintree | Starting | Ask Lauren when she gets a program going |
| JellyVision | Cold | honestbleeps @ ChiTechSlack Dec 22. Still a program? |
| LeapFrog Online | It's a Mystery | No reference to a program online. Does it exist? |
| ReviewTrackers | Too New | Lucas @ LinkedIn |
| Raise | No Program | Chi-chi @ LinkedIn. Will Dave Hoover start one? |
| Newmark Grubb Knight Frank | Not sure yes | http://jobview.monster.com/Software-Engineer-Job-Chicago-IL-US-183798965.aspx?WT.mc_n=Indeed_US&jvs=uf,in1,gw&from=indeed |
| ShopRunner | Starting | Not sure who I know here |
|  |  |  |
| 8th Light | Done | n/a |
| Actualize / ACLTC | Skipped | Not really an apprenticeship. |
| Clique Sudios | Done | Brent @ ChiTechSlack |
| Conversant LLC | Skipped | Requires technical bachelors. Also includes Alliance Data |
| DNSimple | Discontinued | Mak @ Twitter |
| DevMynd | Done | n/a |
| DevVault | Done | n/a |
| Dough, Inc | Done | n/a |
| Eight-Bot | Done | Calvin @ CTDI & LevelOffice |
| Enova | Done | n/a |
| Groupon | Discontinued | n/a |
| HashRocket | Done | Matt P @ email |
| Launchpad Labs | Done | n/a |
| Narrative Science | Done | Marie @ email |
| Signal | Done | Cliff @ Email |
| SwayBrand | Done | n/a |
| TableXI | Done | Noel @ email |
| TrunkClub | Done | Mike @ LinkedIn |
| Vokal | Stopped? | Marty @ LinkedIn |
|  |  |  |
| OppLoans | No program or plans to make one (January 2021) | Response from Alex Riewer (Senior Technical Recruiter) https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexandrariewer/ |
| Gemini | No program (January 2021) | Response from Andrei Montchik (Lead Software Engineer) https://www.linkedin.com/in/andreimontchik/ |
| Root Insurance | No current program (January 2021) - They had a program in the past | Response from Chris Evans (Technical Recruiting Manager) https://www.linkedin.com/in/cjevans7/ |
| Reverb | TBD - 2021 | No Response - emailed Mark Yoon and Tiffany Martin (Engineering Manager and Senior Technical Manager) https://www.linkedin.com/in/swimmerslim/ & https://www.linkedin.com/in/tiffanymartininhudson/ |
| ActiveCampaign | Trying to start one (January 2021) | Talked to Sean Wolters (Engineering Manager) https://www.linkedin.com/in/seanwolter/ |
-----------------------------------
